Add new services docs for easyEnergy integration (#30233)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/easyenergy.markdown

For the dynamic gas prices, only entities are created that display the
`current` and `next hour` price because the price is always fixed for
24 hours; new prices are published every morning at **05:00 UTC time**.

## Services

> The energy and gas prices are exposed using [Service Calls](/docs/scripts/service-calls/). The services populate [Response Data](/docs/scripts/service-calls#use-templates-to-handle-response-data) with price data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The energy and gas prices are exposed using [service calls](/docs/scripts/service-calls/). The services populate [response data](/docs/scripts/service-calls#use-templates-to-handle-response-data) with price data.
```
We usually use sentence-style capitalization.

### Service `easyenergy.get_gas_prices`

Fetches the hourly prices for gas.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|

> | `incl_vat` | no | Get prices including VAT or without. Defaults to True | False

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `incl_vat` | no | Defines whether the prices include or exclude VAT. Defaults to True | False
```

> | `start` | yes | Start moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
> | `end` | yes | End moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `start` | yes | Start time to get prices. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
| `end` | yes | End time to get prices. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
```

#### Response data

The response data is a dictionary with the gas timestamps and prices as string and float values.

```json
{
  "prices": [
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 03:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.46914
    },
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 04:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.46914
    }
  ]
}
```

### Service `easyenergy.get_energy_usage_prices`

Fetches the hourly prices for energy that you use (buy).

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|

> | `incl_vat` | no | Get prices including VAT or without. Defaults to True | False

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `incl_vat` | no | Defines whether the prices include or exclude VAT.  Defaults to True | False
```

> | `start` | yes | Start moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
> | `end` | yes | End moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `start` | yes | Start time to get prices. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
| `end` | yes | End time to get prices. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
```

#### Response data

> The response data is a dictionary with the energy timestamps and prices as string and float values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response data is a dictionary with the energy timestamps as strings and prices as float values.
```

```json
{
  "prices": [
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 03:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.08418
    },
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 04:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.08758
    }
  ]
}
```

### Service `easyenergy.get_energy_return_prices`

Fetches the hourly prices for energy that you return (sell).

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|

> | `start` | yes | Start moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
> | `end` | yes | End moment to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `start` | yes | Start time to get prices. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
| `end` | yes | End time to get prices from. Defaults to today 00:00:00 | 2023-01-01 00:00:00
```

#### Response data

> The response data is a dictionary with the energy timestamps and prices as string and float values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response data is a dictionary with the energy timestamps as strings and prices as float values.
```

```json
{
  "prices": [
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 03:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.06957
    },
    {
      "timestamp": "2023-12-09 04:00:00+00:00",
      "price": 0.07238
    }
  ]
}
```

### Add response to template sensor

> You can use the response data in a template sensor, that is updated every hour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the response data in a template sensor that is updated every hour:
```
